Hello.
This is Stephane Maarek
And congratulations on completing this course.
I'm so glad that you made it all the way through the end.
You stuck with the tutorials, it was maybe challenging and hopefully very rewarding but you made it and
now hopefully you've learned a lot.. so much that you can apply it at your next job and grow with your career.
And so on. Now I have a small ask before you go.
I would love that you could take the time to leave a review or some feedback from me.
Reviews and feedback really help me as a great encouragement to produce more content and hopefully know
how you're doing with this course.
But also they help other students from all around the world make the right purchasing decision when
it comes to choosing a course and assessing its quality.
So as such I would love if you could take a minute or two of your time today to leave a review for this course.
If you don't know how to leave a review it's super simple.
A pop-up will show up at the end of this course and will ask you for a star rating
5 being the highest rating. You can optionally leave a comment and then you can optionally answer a
few questions and when you're ready.
Just save and exit.
If you don't see the pop-up appearing next you can click on the top right corner of the course dashboard
on Udemy.com to add edit or delete a rating.
Finally in the last lecture of this course the bonus lecture you'll find the list of all my other courses
with coupons included in them. I want you to have access to affordable education and I want to be able
to learn the next big thing without thinking about it.
So hopefully in this list of course as you will find what you like and learn with me next.
All right.
That's it.
I will see you in the next course.